Reorganise Telegram page (#39)
HACManchester/documentation: docs/Telegram.md

We have a number of group chats in [Telegram](https://telegram.org) that we encourage members to use to keep in touch, help each other out, and stay up to date with news and announcements.

Some of these group chats are used to coordinate training for certain pieces of equipment.

Telegram has a number of clients for various platforms:

- [Web client](https://telegram.org/dl/webogram) 
- [Desktop (Windows, Linux, macOS)](https://desktop.telegram.org/)
- [Android](https://telegram.org/dl/android)
- [iOS](https://telegram.org/dl/ios)
- [Windows Phone](https://telegram.org/dl/wp)

> You will need a phone number to sign up for Telegram. This is kept private and hidden from other Telegram users by default.

Reviewer: I love the more detailed explanation of Telegram. One thing to add maybe as I know a few people (me included) got really pissed off that Telegram blabbed to everyone that I joined:

```suggestion
You will need a phone number to sign up for Telegram. This is kept private and hidden from other Telegram users by default.

Please note that when you join Telegram, people with your phone number in their address book will be notified that you joined Telegram. 
```

| [Games Night](https://t.me/+Q5e1aiVMwDvND71B)               | Board gaming & game night related chatter.                                                                                                  |
| [Clutter Exchange](https://t.me/+11IEnLLuh8QxYWM0)          | See if any other members might be interest in anything you're wanting rid of: tools, equipment, material, or anything else possibly useful. |

### Operations

We have a number of groups specifically for the operation of the Hackspace overall.

Some of these groups are private by default – in which case we'll list their existance, but you won't be able to join them from this page.

| Group name                                                     | Purpose                                                                                                              |
| -------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [Laser Training](https://t.me/joinchat/D5l4WUNG_uyg6YB0PYikRA) | To coordinate Laser training sessions between trainers and those waiting to be inducted.                             |

Reviewer: This is going against the previous system where people would request an induction on the membership system, and the tool page would then present this link to them. This ensured that a training record was created appropriately.

> | [Laser Training](https://t.me/joinchat/D5l4WUNG_uyg6YB0PYikRA) | To coordinate Laser training sessions between trainers and those waiting to be inducted.                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Laser Training | To coordinate Laser training sessions between trainers and those waiting to be inducted. Please request an induction on the membership system first, which will then give you the link to join.                             |
```
